README.md, before:

# Ingestion

This project is an experimental refactoring of the Nitrogen service into component services.  This service handles
message ingestion into a backend MessageHub.

Not ready for production use.

## Nitrogen Project

The Nitrogen project is housed in a set of GitHub projects:

1. [service](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/service): Core platform responsible for managing principals, security, and messaging.
2. [client](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/client): JavaScript client library for building Nitrogen devices and applications.
3. [admin](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/admin): Web admin tool for working with the Nitrogen service.
4. [device](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/devices): Device principals for common pieces of hardware.
5. [commands](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/commands): CommandManagers and schemas for well known command types.
6. [cli](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/cli): Command line interface for working with the Nitrogen service.
7. [reactor](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/reactor): Always-on hosted application execution platform.
8. [apps](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/apps): Project maintained Nitrogen applications.

Commit message:

use nitrogen-local-providers for the ProxyMessageHub

README.md, after:

# ingress

The ingress server is responsible for authenticating the connecting device, doing protocol termination, and passing on messages to a backend MessageSink provider.

Not yet ready for production use.

## Nitrogen Project

The Nitrogen project is housed in a set of GitHub projects:

1. [service](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/service): Core platform responsible for managing principals, security, and messaging.
2. [client](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/client): JavaScript client library for building Nitrogen devices and applications.
3. [admin](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/admin): Web admin tool for working with the Nitrogen service.
4. [device](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/devices): Device principals for common pieces of hardware.
5. [commands](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/commands): CommandManagers and schemas for well known command types.
6. [cli](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/cli): Command line interface for working with the Nitrogen service.
7. [reactor](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/reactor): Always-on hosted application execution platform.
8. [apps](https://github.com/nitrogenjs/apps): Project maintained Nitrogen applications.
